README.md, before:

# Finance-concepts-python

| Nr. Crt. | Name                               | Description                                     | Time  |
| -------- | ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| 1.       | Python Programming for Finance p.1 | Intro and Getting Stock Price Data              | 9:33  |
| 2.       | Python Programming for Finance p.2 | Handling Data and Graphing                      | 8:51  |
| 3.       | Python Programming for Finance p.3 | Basic Stock data Manipulation                   | 10:05 |
| 4.       | Python Programming for Finance p.4 | More stock manipulations                        | 10:59 |
| 5.       | Python Programming for Finance p.5 | Automating getting the S&P 500 list             | 8:26  |
| 6.       | Python Programming for Finance p.6 | Getting all company pricing data in the S&P 500 | 9:51  |
| 7.       | Python Programming for Finance p.7 | Combining S&P 500 into one DataFrame            | 9:50  |
| 8.       | Python Programming for Finance p.8 | S&P 500 company correlation table               | 16:24 |

## [Link to youtube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDcOdF96TBtRtuQksErCEBYZ)

Commit message:

Preprocessing data for Machine Learning

README.md, after:

# Finance-concepts-python

| Nr. Crt. | Name                               | Description                                     | Time  |
| -------- | ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| 1.       | Python Programming for Finance p.1 | Intro and Getting Stock Price Data              | 9:33  |
| 2.       | Python Programming for Finance p.2 | Handling Data and Graphing                      | 8:51  |
| 3.       | Python Programming for Finance p.3 | Basic Stock data Manipulation                   | 10:05 |
| 4.       | Python Programming for Finance p.4 | More stock manipulations                        | 10:59 |
| 5.       | Python Programming for Finance p.5 | Automating getting the S&P 500 list             | 8:26  |
| 6.       | Python Programming for Finance p.6 | Getting all company pricing data in the S&P 500 | 9:51  |
| 7.       | Python Programming for Finance p.7 | Combining S&P 500 into one DataFrame            | 9:50  |
| 8.       | Python Programming for Finance p.8 | S&P 500 company correlation table               | 16:24 |
| 9.       | Python Programming for Finance p.9 | Preprocessing data for Machine Learning         | 9:13  |

## [Link to youtube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDcOdF96TBtRtuQksErCEBYZ)
